In New York City's
war on crime,
the worst criminal offenders
are pursued
by the detectives
of the Major Case Squad.
These are their stories.
Come on, Linda. Let 'em out to play.
But I'm in the
kitchen, Ray.
What if somebody sees me?
Honey, it's just you, me and the FCC.
Okay,
I did it. I took it off.
You happy now, Ray?
Well, sweetie, that depends. Are
they berries, mangos or melons?
Linda? Hey... Where'd
she go? She hang up on me?
Ray, I'm sorry, I dumped her.
I cut to commercial.
We're off the air?
Lenny made me promise,
you start talking breasts...
Lenny!
You told Pete to cut me off?
We went over this.
Linda, if you're still listening,
I didn't cut you off, baby.
That was my producer,
Lenny.
He used to have brass ones,
but now he lets the FCC keep
them in a box in Washington.
We should've let him walk
when we had the chance.
Well, you wanted to
be more controversial.
Not at the cost of our license.
You found him, Lenny.
You lose him.
Bye.
Listen...
Later.
... I put Danny's math review
on top of his bag.
Ruben told me what happened
at the station, Ray.
Are you trying to
get yourself fired?
Can we not talk
about this now?
You have obligations,
Ray. Stop playing games.
I will.
$9,500.
Let's make it $9,300.
He's home.
I have to go.
Is it here?
I can't get it, Mr. Ray.
I'm sorry.
I put your dinner in the microwave.
It's okay, Lusa.
I'm not hungry.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Ray.
I've got something for you,
Lenny, pal.
Lusa called and said the
station was looking for him.
Ray has never
missed a show.
He was late just once this
year, when he had the flu.
You and your husband are separated?
We're getting a divorce.
We checked the apartment.
Nothing looks out of place.
There's no sign of a struggle.
Bed hadn't been slept in.
Just... Can I?
Yeah.
Is there anywhere else
that he might have slept?
I don't think so.
Yesterday, he come home and go into
his little studio down the hall.
He didn't even want me
to heat up his dinner.
He always say
he's not hungry.
Paroxetine.
Ms. Garnett, do you know how long your
husband was taking anti-depressants?
A few months. He got a
prescription to quit smoking.
So, your husband is
missing less than 24 hours.
Is there a particular
reason why you're worried?
Ray has never
just disappeared.
His show is very controversial,
he's made a lot of enemies.
I was on the ferry reading, when
I looked up and there he was.
He pulled out this
letter of resignation.
He was about to sign it,
when the letter accidentally blew
out of his hand and into the water.
Ray is a funny guy. His
wife said he made enemies.
With his show?
Anti-indecency groups,
mostly.
The FCC came down hard
on him. He had been fined.
Him and the station?
Right, yeah. We took steps to
comply with the regulations.
We set up call screenings
last month and tape delays.
You signed him to a
new deal five months ago.
Now, "pay or play," that means that
he could get fired, but you'd still
have to pay him the full 10 mil?
Unless we fire
him for cause.
Cause? Like him not
showing up for work today?
It's funny how that
works out for you guys.
Yeah, sure. I pushed him off the ferry.
He was drinking last
night, probably tied one on.
It's the same reason he
was late six months ago.
His wife told us
he had the flu.
Right.
Try hangover.
His eyes were red,
he smelled like vomit.
I know what hangovers
look like.
Okay, the show that
he did six months ago,
we need a tape of it.
Sure.
Before we take another call,
I guess we have to do weather?
Sorry, the smog
is lousy this morning.
So how's traffic?
Oh, crap, I just
did traffic, didn't I?
He has the flu,
you can hear it.
He's congested,
he's hoarse.
He's disoriented, his
thinking is fragmented.
We talked to
his pharmacy.
He got his first prescription for
anti-depressants a week after this show.
Because he was depressed.
Suicidal.
No.
Raw throat, red eyes,
the vomiting.
It could be carbon
monoxide poisoning.
We were at the beach house. He went
into the garage and started the car.
He told me he stopped because
he didn't want the kids
finding Daddy dead in the family car.
We needed to know
that this morning.
Ray made me promise not to tell
anyone because he was in negotiations.
Anyway, that was six months
ago. He's on medication.
He spent the long weekend since the
suicide attempt at a clinic upstate.
Since then,
has his condition improved?
He's still in his own world.
He still doesn't listen.
That didn't change.
Last time,
he left a suicide note?
He made a tape. He had
it with him in the car.
Ray loves the sound of his own voice.
Maid said that he went into
his home studio last night.
If he made a suicide tape
and he had it with him,
he wouldn't have
jumped off the ferry.
The salt water would
have destroyed the tape.
He'd go with
what he knows.
Carbon monoxide.
He's still on the boat.
Once the ferry
gets underway,
this whole area fills
up with carbon monoxide.
Kelly,
it's not your fault.
Or the kids'.
Whatever I do,
I end up hurting you.
I'm tired of hurting the people I love.
There anything else in the tox report?
No. Low level of alcohol, maybe
a beer within an hour of death.
And paroxetine at levels consistent
with a daily dosage of 40 milligrams.
It's what you'd expect for someone
being treated for major depression.
But his voice was flat,
he lost his appetite.
It doesn't sound like
his medication was working.
Well, I'm no shrink, but 40
milligrams of paroxetine a day
is enough to make
a hound dog smile.
If he was
taking it every day.
You test hair to check
for long-term use.
You could narrow
it down to months.
Weeks.
Garnett's hair
told the story.
There was no trace of paroxetine in
the last four weeks of hair growth.
He went off his meds? Why
didn't he suicide back then?
Well, when they first put you on paroxetine,
they give you 10 milligrams a day.
A week later, 20,
then 30, up to 40.
And then when it's time to
stop, it's the same in reverse,
40 down to nothing over
a period of a few weeks.
But if you stop cold turkey, the
drug takes time to clear your system.
You cruise for a while,
and then you crash
into a suicidal spiral.
Did anyone notice
he stopped taking his pills?
Actually, people saw
him taking yellow pills.
Had to be placebos.
Someone
switched the medication?
What about the drug the
ME found in his blood?
It was just a daily dose.
After being off it for a month,
one dose wouldn't do him any good.
The pills we found in the
kitchen were the real deal.
Somebody switched his
medication back, but too late.
Last time he tried to kill
himself, his kids stopped him.
This time,
he was fighting chemistry.
Chemistry won.
Murder by suicide.
Kept his prescription
in here.
Whoever switched these pills, they
might have touched these bottles.
Besides the kids, last few
weeks, anyone else been in here?
Just Mrs. Garnett.
When the boys stay here, she
come to take them to school.
We have to take your elimination
prints to separate your prints
from others that we find.
If you say.
Police don't need reason
to do what they want.
Mr. Garnett's little studio,
down the hall here?
I'm the easy target,
my friend.
But after those creeps
shut me up, you're next.
Trying to make
yourself deaf?
Garnett had his
earphones turned up.
His wife said he loved
the sound of his own voice.
I found cash withdrawals, around
$9,000 once a month for a year,
leading up to his
first suicide attempt.
Then nothing,
until three days ago.
A withdrawal slip
for $9,300.
It's odd amounts.
All just under the $10,000
federal reporting limits.
He might have been doing
something illegal with the money.
Gambling or drugs...
His wife said he was in his own world.
His earphones...
Might have had a hearing loss caused
by an addiction to painkillers.
The clinic he was at six
months ago, they'd know.
He did individual and group therapy
in the three days he was here,
and I gave him the
anti-depressant paroxetine.
Helped him stay away from painkillers.
But if he stopped
getting paroxetine,
he might go back to
painkillers, isn't that right?
Now, did he say where
he was getting them from?
He told us he bought the OxyContin from
an unnamed friend who had a prescription.
Nelda did the intake on Mr. Garnett.
Nelda, this is
Detective Eames and...
Detective Goren.
Now, Mr. Garnett, did he tell you,
how much OxyContin he was taking?
80 milligrams a day.
His unnamed friend, what condition
would they be taking it for?
80 milligrams or more would
be for severe spinal injury,
bone cancer, post-amputation
pain... I could make you a list.
Well,
we'd appreciate it.
I printed out Ray's address
book and appointment calendar.
I also got
his phone log.
We can crosscheck with
the dates of the withdrawals.
Maybe he called his suppliers the
same day he took out the money.
What are you
trying to do?
There was one
of the pictures...
Kids behind a steering
wheel. How do you get it back?
You can't. It's a wallpaper program.
It plays a random selection of images.
This one.
The knob on the steering wheel,
it's a hand control for a car.
Phantom pain
from an amputated limb.
That's one of the chronic pain
conditions that was on the nurse's list.
It's a hand control for
someone with an amputated leg.
There's gotta
be a better shot.
And Bingo was his name-o.
Mr. Gregorian? I'm Detective
Eames, this is Detective Goren.
What do you want?
It's about your car,
the sedan.
You have a hand control
on the steering wheel?
Yes,
I have artificial leg.
But I don't drive this car
so much anymore, my wife does.
Your wife, Lusa,
Mr. Garnett's maid.
Do you mind if we
wait till she gets home?
Lusa's home.
We rang the doorbell, nobody answered.
Lusa? Lus? I don't know,
maybe she go shopping.
And left her car?
Wash day today?
Lusa!
Gregorian's employer confirms
he was at work all day.
Looks like she was interrupted
folding the laundry.
There was a struggle.
There's one bruise the size
of a fist on each breast.
It's probably a woman.
A guy would just hit her in the face
or on the shoulder to knock her down.
Mr. Gregorian, do you know of anyone
who would want to hurt your wife?
No. She just work.
She work very hard.
You still have pain
where your leg used to be.
I hear that it
can be unbearable.
It's not so bad anymore.
What do you
take for it?
OxyContin?
Did you sell Ray Garnett the
extra pills you didn't use?
Okay. Mr. Ray, he push
Lusa to sell my pills.
I was happy when he
stopped taking them.
It was too much
to worry about.
Last week, Mr. Garnett took
out more money for pills.
She don't sell
to him anymore.
We're in too much trouble already.
What kind of trouble?
With the drug police.
Lusa say they visit her
in Mr. Ray house last month.
They know he was
taking the pills.
Lusa was scared.
Because police don't need a
reason to do what they want.
We checked with Narco, with the Feds,
nobody was investigating
Garnett or his maid.
Sounds like someone intimidated the maid
to gain access to Garnett's apartment.
Gained access to manipulate
Mr. Garnett's
anti-depressants.
And this same person killed the maid?
That's what we're going with for now.
I mean, the only people that
knew about Garnett's addiction
was the staff at the clinic and
the patients in his group therapy.
I'm supposed to convince
a judge to order the clinic
to give us the names of those patients?
That would be nice.
Maybe if we had an idea
who you were looking for.
A woman, 20 to 40.
Knows about
anti-depressants,
either because she's in the medical
field or because she takes them herself.
Doesn't that describe the majority
of the women at the clinic?
Garnett's murder took
planning by someone focused,
intelligent, but with
an explosive temper.
And what might have set
them off to kill Mr. Garnett?
Garnett's meds were switched
four or five weeks ago.
FCC cracked down and his station
started screening his
calls from listeners.
Which might have made some
of his regulars unhappy.
This one, when I blocked her, she kept
calling, like, 10, 12 times an hour,
screaming at me
to put her through.
She finally stopped a few weeks ago.
I guess you want
me to get comfortable?
And I want you to tell me about
this college class you're taking.
I don't know why I keep calling
you, Ray. It always ends up the same.
Face it, Susan, if it didn't, I
wouldn't take your calls. Is he gone?
He left for work
five minutes ago.
Ray, I know you think you
hurt the people around you.
You disappoint them, but
you never disappoint me.
Did I say that?
I must be losing my mind.
The suicide tape, "Whatever
I do, I end up hurting you. "
He ever say anything
like that on the air?
Ray, talk about an
actual feeling? No.
There's one other place
Susan might've heard it.
Ray, I know you think you
hurt the people around you.
You disappoint them, but
you never disappoint me.
Voice is so low.
Doesn't sound familiar.
How many women
were in his group?
Two. At this point, I have to bow out.
I have a group to conduct.
But Nelda has been fully
briefed by our lawyer.
Susan presented herself
as a housewife,
but she talked about a class
she was taking in college.
One of the women is a
graduate student in the city.
Very sweet
and soft-spoken.
Why was she here?
A suicide attempt.
She was being sexually
harassed by a professor.
She tried to jump off the
balcony of her student dorm.
She was on ziprasidone,
an anti-psychotic.
She was schizophrenic?
No. Ziprasidone can be combined with
standard SSRI to treat depression.
You're not an MD,
are you?
I'm certified as
a prescribing nurse.
Excuse me.
How did you know
about ziprasidone?
Well, my mother takes it,
for schizophrenia.
You know, but it makes
her very restless.
There's other drugs available
without that side effect.
I could look them up.
Well,
I'm sure you're very busy,
and, you know, between
your job and home.
You have kids?
Your wedding ring.
Oh.
You're very vigilant.
No, no kids.
Just my husband.
She seems very nice,
your partner.
She is.
She's a great partner.
Really? You don't feel you carry
more than your fair share of the work?
No. We have
complementary skills.
It's kind of you
to say that.
Sorry. That was Carver.
I needed to talk to him.
Can I borrow your... Thanks.
He should be careful. And so should you.
He told me
about his mother.
When there's a pre-disposition
to schizophrenia,
it can manifest
itself under stress.
You should watch him.
Hey, we need to get back into the city.
Thank you so much. You've
been really a great help.
I'm supposed to
keep an eye on you.
And I'm supposed to think
you're not carrying your weight.
Splitting. It's how she forms alliances.
It's splitting people
against each other.
The grad student's been in
Colorado the last three months.
Just for drill, get her on the phone,
make a tape for voice comparison.
The nurse is
a better candidate.
A married
career woman?
Hard to see how she found
time to stalk Garnett.
I have to...
I'll call you later.
She's not married.
I got those.
Detective?
What are you...
I didn't mean
to ambush you.
You know, but this morning
you had talked about
new treatments
for schizophrenia.
I'm seeing my mother's doctor tomorrow.
Right. I found a new
regimen using risperidone.
It's less likely to
produce restlessness.
How old were you when
she developed symptoms?
Seven.
She's been slipping away
from me my whole life.
I just can't seem to let go
of her, you know what I mean?
Look, thanks.
Maybe I can get the name
of that drug from you.
I already wrote it down.
I was gonna send it to you.
Thanks.
You think we could get together sometime
for a cup of coffee or something?
Detective,
I'm a married woman.
No, you're not, Nelda.
You've been divorced
for six years.
You still wear
your wedding ring.
You haven't stopped
loving him.
You have a big heart,
I like that.
Maybe when we see each other
next time, you can call me Robert?
Hello?
Just wanted to make sure that
you got up to your apartment okay.
Yes, I did. Thank you.
Good night, Robert.
Voice tests on
the grad student
and Nelda Carlson
were inconclusive.
It doesn't seem Mr. Garnett
was at the clinic long enough
for these ladies
to fixate on him.
Well,
it wouldn't take much.
Simple act of kindness, even a compliment
is enough to provoke a passionate response.
Turn them into your
instant best friends.
Borderline personality
behavior.
Between these two baskets, where
do you want to put the eggs?
The nurse?
Well, we don't know what
her capacity for violence is
or even if she's prone
to intense attachments.
Ask her ex-husband.
If she has a hard time
letting go, he'll know.
I'll talk to him.
The tape of the nurse,
what do you think?
Of her?
Of him.
Little personal?
He was just playing her.
That a souvenir badge?
It's for Nelda Carlson.
You pinning her?
Well, she's very,
you know, empathetic.
You gave her a lot
to be empathetic about.
Is Nelly suspected of
something?
The D.A. Might need her to
testify in a homicide case,
so we need to do
a background check.
I'd rather not talk to you till I,
you know, discuss it with her first.
We're still friendly, you see.
No problem.
We can do it
another time.
Geez, I'm sorry you had to drive
all the way up to Connecticut.
Next time, do what
I do, take the train.
I'll keep that in mind.
Oh, damn.
Do you have tissue and water? My
nephew spit up on me this morning.
Thank you. It's terrific, how
you and Nelly have stayed friends.
Does she get along
with your girlfriend?
Girlfriend?
Well, the considerate person
that made that lunch for you.
Oh, yeah.
Nelly thought I was putting on weight,
so she worked out a diet for me.
She comes over in the morning after I
leave and makes me up a bunch of food.
You've got
it pretty good.
She takes care of the
laundry, the groceries.
All that TLC, I'm
surprised you ever left.
I kicked her out.
I had to.
Nelly can go from zero to
intense in about two seconds flat.
I couldn't take it.
Well, you didn't
kick her very far.
What'd she do, cut a deal
with you to stick around?
W
- VYS, that's Ray Garnett's station.
Oh, yeah. Nelly got that for me.
Garnett was a patient at her clinic.
I was a big fan.
You listen every morning?
All those women calling in?
Yeah, I know he wasn't PC,
but I'd get on one of those
cell phone-free train cars,
put my earphones on,
and laugh like an idiot.
Why cell phone-free?
All that TLC from
Nelly comes at a price.
She calls every hour.
My commute's the only time
I can get away from her.
Oh.
Like right now, she's about
a half an hour overdue.
Is it...
Yeah, it's my badge number.
Well, it's not gonna get you out of any,
you know,
traffic tickets, but...
So thoughtful.
Well, I wanted to show you
my appreciation
for, you know, the research
you did for my mother.
Well, I hope it helped.
I made a list for you.
Web sites,
about the drug I mentioned,
and an article on
family-to-family support groups.
It's important for you to
know you're not alone, Robert.
Wow. No one's ever...
That's really nice of you to do.
You didn't have to do that.
Thank you.
You know, I found his body.
Ray Garnett.
He asphyxiated himself
with carbon monoxide.
That must have been awful.
It was.
A lot of the details were, you
know, left out of the media reports.
So thoughtful.
Oh, you have a meeting at 1:00?
Yes.
Let me help
you with that.
Thanks.
Your academy photo. These things
are almost impossible to get.
It ran in the PBA
newsletter 12 years ago.
She found a copy.
This woman's got it bad for you.
Yeah, but I'm not sure how
fixated she is on Ray Garnett.
She had no interest in
the details of his death.
You said that her
ex-husband was a fan?
A devoted listener.
With a devoted ex-wife who just
can't seem to let go of him.
I'll pull his LUDs.
She started calling Garnett's
show from her ex-husband's place
one week after Garnett
was at her clinic.
Each call coincided with the on-air calls
from the woman who called herself Susan.
She indulged in sexual fantasies
while her husband listened
from his commuter train.
First prove Ms. Carlson switched
Mr. Garnett's medication.
There's no evidence she
was even in his home.
If she was in Garnett's house,
she wouldn't be able to resist
taking a trophy to give to her ex-husband
as proof of her devotion to him.
Then let's
ask Mr. Carlson.
Well, he might not know.
She hid this in my breast pocket.
Now, I might not have noticed
it until I had my suit cleaned.
But for her, simply knowing that it was
in my possession was satisfaction enough.
If we ask Carlson and he doesn't
know, we could blow our chance.
Then may I suggest a search warrant?
Well, whatever the trophy is,
it's not gonna have his name on it.
We're gonna have to
get her to point it out.
You know, the phone
calls from his house,
they implicate him as
much as they implicate her.
Can I come in?
Yes, of course, Robert.
How did you know
where to find me?
Your ex-husband told my partner
that you're here in the mornings.
Why was she
talking to him?
My partner convinced our boss that
Barry was obsessed with Garnett
and that he's responsible
for his death.
He was a fan, but...
My partner traced calls
from Barry's phone to
Garnett's radio station.
Oh, my God.
She's got a warrant.
She's on her way here.
They can't do this to
my Barry. He's innocent.
I know that Barry is important to you
and I want to help you protect him.
Is there anything here that
can tie Barry to Garnett?
No, I'm sure
there's nothing.
They'll tear this place
apart. Now, you gotta think.
'Cause if there's something
here that belongs to Garnett...
If he did,
I would have seen it.
This is the police. We have a
warrant to search the premises.
Ms. Carlson,
is your ex-husband home?
He left for work 15 minutes ago.
This is a copy
of a warrant for...
Yeah, I explained to
her why you're here.
Good. Then later you can
explain to me why you're here.
Nelly? I got a call from my
office the police were here?
I left word
for them to notify you.
What the hell is going on?
It's all in here.
Barry, you should go back to
work and I'll keep an eye on them.
This is about Ray Garnett?
This is nuts. I'm staying put.
If he stays, he'll get upset that
people are touching his things.
All right, we don't want
any trouble, Mr. Carlson,
so maybe you should
just wait outside...
Mr. Carlson, since
you're on the premises,
I'm gonna ask you to empty your
pockets and open your briefcase.
What?
Yeah, why don't you just
come over here,
Mr. Carlson?
This is ridiculous.
You know, you should hold on to your
keys, 'cause we don't want to lose those.
You know, my partner says that
you were a huge fan of Ray Garnett.
I listened to him.
In the mornings, right?
In one of those cell
phone-free train cars?
How did he put it?
The only time he can
get away from Nelda.
Well, that's not
a very nice thing to say.
I mean, she makes your
lunch, cleans your house.
Nelly's just being nice.
Just being nice? I wish
that I could call her Nelly
and evoke the feelings that she
has when she hears you say it.
I mean, it's like a sweet glue
that holds her together, you know?
You know, knowing that you eat the
food that she prepares and you sleep
in the sheets
that she irons for you.
You know, without that
connection, she disintegrates.
Nelly knows
we're just friends.
You sure about that?
Why do you think we're here?
These calls were made from your
phone to Ray Garnett's radio show.
Hundreds of calls
over five months.
I didn't make these calls.
I was on a train.
Nelly?
Why were you calling him?
That only time when you
can get away from her,
she found another way to be with you.
The young men, they pretend
that they're taking notes,
but I caught them looking at me.
All they think about
is sex.
Well, that's all
I think about, Susan.
I might as well be
naked in that class.
Would you like
to be naked?
With all those guys around?
And those hot college chicks?
Be naked with them?
I think...
I think I would.
Oh, my God. That girl Susan,
that was you on the phone?
Live from your bed,
probably.
Barry, don't...
Please, don't.
Come on, don't look
so disgusted, Barry.
You didn't
enjoy her fantasies?
You know, her demonstrations,
her unchained devotion to you?
Well, it made the long hours
without you more bearable.
And then Garnett's station
started screening his calls,
and Nelda couldn't
get on the air anymore.
Garnett cut you off.
And he got in between
you and Barry.
You could hardly
catch your breath.
You started to fall apart.
And you got enraged.
And you had to punish him.
And you knew exactly how,
because you're
a prescribing nurse
and you have access to all
kinds of drugs and placebos...
Robert, stop this.
You bullied the maid,
got into the home,
you switched the pills.
You can't think
I'm capable of that.
You're as capable as your
obsession is profound.
You waited for
the maid to tell you
that he was starting to try
and buy painkillers again.
And that's when you knew that
his spiral was almost complete,
his suicide was imminent.
You went to his place,
switched back his pills,
so the autopsy would show he'd
been taking his anti-depressants.
She's lying.
Is she?
The embroidery
on the key chain.
You know,
I have something like that.
Nelda made this for me.
She make that for you?
Yeah, she gave it to me last month.
You ever look at it
closely?
You see, entwined into the
weave, that black, shiny thread?
Well, actually, it's
not thread. It's hair.
Long, human hair.
I'll bet a DNA test will show
they belong to Ray Garnett.
What?
She made a special
memento for you.
A keepsake, to commemorate
her visit to your idol's home.
Yes, I did it. But I got the hairs
from the clinic when he stayed there.
I knew how much
you enjoyed his show.
I wanted you to have something of
his, something that no one else had.
So you got the hair from the
clinic when Garnett was there,
detoxing from his
addiction to painkillers?
Yes.
So if we test the hair, it should
show traces of the painkiller.
But it won't, will it?
Robert,
why are you doing this?
I thought you
cared about me.
You're under arrest,
Nelda.
You said you knew, you knew
how important Barry is to me.
I just wanted to be connected
to him, that's why I did it.
I thought you liked
Susan's stories.
Why couldn't you
just leave me alone?
Don't say that.
Let me go!
I have to be with him!
No. Robert, please.
How can you be so cruel?
Don't take me
away from him.
Hey, come on...
Don't you care
about me at all?
I know you do, I saw it.
I didn't mean
for you to see it.
No! No, Barry!
Don't leave me!
Please don't leave me!
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org